Maledictions 1:1 I am God's holy monster. I drink from humanity.”,
Maledictions 1:2 I could not see what part I would play for such a long time, because I looked at it with human eyes, with eyes that would die.”,
Maledictions 1:3-6 So I put forth the truth in this book, for you who seek, just as I have sought. For I am not some Godless beast who hunts beneath the grandeur of sanctity. I am the grandeur; I am sanctified.
Maledictions 1:7-9 This is who I am: I am the bearer of the Spear that pierced the side of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, Son of David, Begotten Son of God, who died at my hand and descended to Hell and bruised the head of Satan, who rose from the dead on the third day that he might save the living. But He cannot save the dead.
Maledictions 1:10 I was born on the same day as Christ, and I died on the same day. Christ was the son of a virgin; I was the son of a whore.
Maledictions 1:11 Christ taught others to treat others as they would be treated; I only sought to gain what I could, and took what I wanted, and killed whom I wanted.
Maledictions 1:12 Christ was a man of peace who never raised his hand against another man; I was a man who took pay for the deaths and pains of others.
Maledictions 1:13 Christ lived in righteousness; I lived in sin.
Maledictions 1:14 In my life, from the age of twelve, when I came into my true nature, I indulged in every sin. I gave in to anger, and beat men to death with my bare hands.
Maledictions 1:15 I placed myself above man and God and would not allow any man to subdue me. 
Maledictions 1:16 REDACTED
Maledictions 1:17-19 I envied the condition of my fellow men, for I was born poor, and this led me to murder and to steal. And I hoarded the gold I stole from the men whose homes I robbed and the gold I took from the people whose taxes I collected. I gave in to strong drink, and I made myself sick with the food I ate.
Maledictions 1:20 For every good deed that Christ performed, I performed an evil deed. For every miracle and sign that Christ revealed upon the Earth, I made a tragedy come to occur. For each innocent whom Christ healed, I brought pain to an innocent, or I killed, or I maimed.
Maledictions 1:21-22 It was the perfect will of God that my life be in every way the mirror of Christ; it was God’s perfect and pleasing will that I be present at Christ’s death, and that my hand should wield my spear, and that I should deal the blow that slew him. And that I should be cursed. For God predestined me to be cursed. And this is my fate.
Maledictions 2:1-2 My name is Longinus; I have no other. 2I am a Roman, and I was born in the city of Rome to a whore; and her name was Livia. I do not know who my father was; my mother saw no wrong that in her sin — sin that led many men to ruin and debaucherye — she conceived me; and that she did know the name of the man that conceived me.
Maledictions 2:3-4 But in a dream one night, a dark man came to her and told her that he had made her pregnant with me and had paid her one denarius for the pleasure. I had the mark of God upon me, said the man, and I would be a curse upon the Earth and a vessel of God’s wrath upon the guilty and a test to the innocent, and yet she was not to harm me when I was born, for God had marked me out to bring wrath upon the Earth and bring judgment upon it. The dark man told me that I should be called Longinus; she disobeyed him and gave me another name, that I shall not name.
Maledictions 2:5-10 My mother’s home city was Nola. Her parents were still living, and she was eleven years old when she rejected their love and care and traveled to Rome. There, she lost her virginity as soon as she could, in whatever way she could; she threw herself into the slavery of lust. She taught me the things she knew, and encouraged me in her undying passion for her sin and her love of debauchery. From the age of fourteen, she sold herself to the public, and she sold herself cheaply, for she took pleasure in the evils she performed. At times, she was so enamored of the carnal evils she performed that she asked no price, and thought not of the consequences of her sin. I was made by her to beg and pick pockets as soon as I could walk, so that we might not starve.
Maledictions 2:11 I became known to the men and women and dogs of the streets of Rome as the Bastard, for even then, knowing that I would be more, I refused to use the name that had been given to me, and on the day that I reached the age of twelve, my mother too ceased to use the name she had given, and she too would only call me the Bastard.
Maledictions 2:12 It was when I was twelve years of age, too, that I chose to steal my mother’s meager earnings and place a wager on the result of a chariot race in the Circus. It happened that the chariot on which I placed my mother’s money lost its wheel, and the charioteer was thrown to the earth and trampled to death under the horses of another driver. 
Maledictions 2:13 I lost the money, and when I returned home, my mother scolded me and took out a whip and meant to beat me;
Maledictions 2:14-18 REDACTED
Maledictions 2:19-20 And I grew to manhood, and became fond of wine. I drew companions to me, and they numbered twelve, and they were Veranius the seller of knives, and Gellius the butcher; Malchio the usurer, Ascyltus and Giton the catamites, Gaius Clodius and Lucius Clodius the sons of Sextus; Philebus and Florens; Encolpia the whore; Plotius the lover of wine; and Ganymede, whom I betrayed.
Maledictions 2:21-23 REDACTED 
Maledictions 2:24 And so I committed the sin of lust.
Maledictions 3:1-6 And I was known as a violent man. I would have no truck with any man who disagreed with me, or thwarted me in my lust or greed or gluttony, and I killed whom I saw fit, and I fought with abandon. A seller of vegetables claimed that I had taken his wares and that I had cheated him of his due, and I told Ganymede and the sons of Sextus Clodius to hold him down, and I broke both of his arms, so that he could not dig his precious vegetables. And the son of Livia’s sister, who cheated me in a wager, his hand I cut off so that he could not cheat me again, nor anyone else. And so I committed the sin of anger. And my neighbors feared me, and they hated me. And I was content.
Maledictions 3:7-10 It so happened that a certain centurion called Pandirah had entered into a wager with me concerning the outcome of a dog fight and had won, for his dog had torn out the throat of mine, and the blood had run across the stones of the forum. Now Pandira was a corrupt man and had cheated me, but he had the swords of eighty men at his command and I had only twelve. But he claimed generosity and offered me a post as a soldier in his garrison, and I knew that I must become a soldier, and Ganymede and the sons of Sextus Clodius joined me in the arms and armor of the soldier. And so it was that I and the Three traveled to the land of Judea, there to serve as soldiers of the Emperor of Rome.
Maledictions 4:1-2 And in Judea, I saw that in my armor I was feared, and that I could take the goods that I wanted, and that I could take any woman that I wanted, and that while collecting the taxes I could add sums of my own, and I saw that it was good. And I saw that I could be rich. And so I committed the sin of greed.
Maledictions 4:3-5 But I saw that I was not a good soldier. For a centurion is a man set under authority, with soldiers under him. He says to a man “Come,” and the man comes, and he says to another, “Go,” and the man goes, and to another “Do this,” and the man does it.i But when the centurion told me to come, I did not come, and when he told me to go, I did not go. And when he told me to do a thing, I did not do it. And so I came to know the lash and the rod, and the scars grew long and red on my back, and the blood ran freely on the barracks floor. 
Maledictions 4:6 And I was made to clean out the buckets of waste, and to scrub the barracks floor. And I was humiliated. But Ganymede and the sons of Sextus Clodius found that they took pleasure in the training and the order of the army, and grew in favor with the decurion and the centurion. And when a stone cast by a Judean killed a centurion, Pandira chose from the men Ganymede and raised him up.
Maledictions 4:7 And I grew envious of Ganymede, and I spoke to a brothel-keeper that we both knew, and I caused the brothel-keeper to give to Ganymede a woman who hated the Romans, and arranged for her to be given a knife, and when Ganymede went into the woman’s room to take his pleasure with her, she thrust the dagger into Ganymede’s eye and Ganymede was dead. And I had done this for no other reason that Ganymede had been raised up and I had not.
Maledictions 4:8-10 I killed the woman myself, and I paid the brothel-keeper for his silence, and I told Pandira that Ganymede had been avenged. But the brothel-keeper was greedy and sought to gain more, and went to Pandira and told him that I had arranged for my friend’s death. Pandira hated me, and went to Pilate the governor. And Pilate called me to account, and they stripped me of my arms and brought me to trial. And I was threatened with the sword. The brothel-keeper stood and accused me. But God made it so that Pilate did not believe the man and I escaped death, for He had set apart for me a fate that was beyond the fate of a common soldier under sentence of death.
Maledictions 5:1-5 REDACTED
Maledictions 5:6-8 And I remembered this, and sent the seal-ring from the barracks where I had been confined with Lucius the son of Sextus Clodius, and so when the day of the trial came and the brothel-keeper came to speak, Pilate refused to believe him, for Procla had come to him and had told him how I had saved her favored servant, although she did not know that I had intended to rob and to sodomize the youth myself. And I was set free and the brothel-keeper was flogged for his presumption, and the night after I was set free, I went to the brothel-keeper’s brothel and found the man, and made sure he could see my face, and strangled him.
Maledictions 6:1 And my lot became better after the trial, for Procla sent for me and thanked me for saving her favored servant, and said that she had asked Pilate that I be placed in the guard of her household as a reward. And I thanked her, and I lusted after her in my heart, but I knew that I should not slake my lusts on her, for she was the maker of my freedom.
Maledictions 6:2 REDACTED
Maledictions 6:3-7 And I was the one who came to Procla’s room first when she screamed, and I made show of finding the neck-chain, and pretended not to know whose it was, but one of the other soldiers recognized it and accused Pandira, and we arrested him, and he was put to trial. And although he vowed he was innocent, he could not say where he was, for he was away from the barracks, stealing from another man’s house. And so Pandira was put to death, and I was the one who stood with Pandira at sunset and held the sword that took off his head, and I pretended friendship with Pandira and shed tears while in my heart I was laughing. And the blood ran freely over the courtyard, and pooled into the cracks between the stones, and shone in the torchlight, and filled the air with its stench. And I rejoiced.
Maledictions 7:1-3 And I was still known as the Bastard to some, and others called me the Soldier, and to the Jews I was the Son of Satan, and I was pleased, for it meant that they feared me. I saw that my rise within the service of Pilate and Proclawas not fate, and began to believe that the God of the Jews, who they said saw all things and knew all things and governed all things, had raised me for a purpose, although I did not know what it was. And I knew that my sin, for which the sin of no other man was a match, had set me apart for a place in history, although I did not know what it was.
Maledictions 7:4-5 But as I was sent to lead men to defeat the rebellious Jews, I saw that I loved to make the blood flow freely, and that the sight of blood was more intoxicating than the taste of wine, and that the smell of blood was more pleasurable than the smell of a woman’s crotch. And sometimes, when no one except the sons of Sextus Clodius saw, I put my hand in the blood I had spilled and raised the hand to my mouth, and tasted it, and commanded the sons of Sextus Clodius to do likewise. And it was good.
Maledictions 7:6-7 But I did not know that this was not the blasphemy that I was ordained to do, and I lived content in my bloodshed and my sin. The time was not yet right for the Son of the Damned to be revealed in all his glory, nor was it right that I should yet lead the Damned to true salvation.
Maledictions 8:1-4 In two years, I had become the captain of Pilate's guard, and I was made centurion. It happened that a merchant named Phaecus came to Jerusalem. Now Phaecus was a dishonest man, and Pilate had him brought before him, for he had not paid his taxes. Phaecus begged and wheedled, and offered the governor a bribe, and gave Pilate treasures from his ship: some gold plate, some gemstones and pearls, some small amount of Tyrian purple, and the tip of a spear made of some black metal, that Phaecus told Pilate had been the weapon of a king, although Pilate did not believe him. But Pilate set the man free.
Maledictions 8:5-7 Now the festival of the Passover that the Jews celebrate came near, and Pilate saw fit to give out the things the merchant had given him to his friends to mark the festival. But the Spearhead he gave to me. And he told me that it had been the weapon of a king. And I took it and affixed it to a good new shaft out of pride, for it meant that I was the favored man of the governor and of the governor’s wife. And so I committed the sin of pride.
Maledictions 9:1-3 The Spearhead was the weapon that God had destined to strike Christ in the side. It had been made long ago in the days before the Deluge by Tubal-Cain the Smith, the son of Zillah, the second wife of Lamech, the son of Enoch. Tubal-Cain’s son had struck his grandfather Lamech’s face, and Lamech had slain him. Tubal-Cain sought revenge, and prayed to God that his son be avenged. On the night that Tubal-Cain prayed, a stone fell from the sky, and it was hard, and it was black, and Tubal-Cain saw that God had answered his prayer, and from the metal in the stone he fashioned a Spearhead, that he might kill Lamech.
Maledictions 9:4-6 But Tubal-Cain failed, for Lamech was a mighty warrior, and Lamech laid his foot on Tubal-Cain’s neck and seized the Spear, and impaled Tubal-Cain through the heart, and Tubal-Cain died. And Lamech took the Spear for his own, and it became a sign for all who would see that Lamech was a mighty warrior before the LORD, and he slew all of his enemies and was made king, and went forth on a war of conquest, and was victorious against every man he faced, until the LORD saw fit to strike down humanity in the Flood, and Lamech was drowned, and the Spear was lost.
Maledictions 9:7-8 But the Spear was not marred by time, and its head did not rust or decay, and it remained as sharp and as hard as the day it was forged, when a ship captain from Tyre found it lying on a beach in the sand, and traded it to the merchant Phaecus, who gave it to Pontius Pilate that he might not be imprisoned or killed, who gave it to Longinus, that he might strike Christ in the side and incur the curse of God, and become a sign to the Damned of God’s perfect will for them.
Maledictions 10: 1-2 I had heard of Jesus of Nazareth, but I had never seen Him. I was afraid. For he was a good man, and He had healed the servant of a centurion I had known who had become a follower of this man and had abandoned his arms. And Procla had begun to dream of Him, and she had told her husband Pilate of her dreams in my hearing. And I did not care to know more about this Jesus, because he was one of many Jewish rebels, and because I needed no healing, and I did not need to repent, for I was content.”
Maledictions 10:3 And I had heard of his message that people could be saved by his words, and I thought that absurd, for no man can be saved by anything other than a blade.”
Maledictions 10:4 And I heard of his healings, and thought that I did not need to be healed.“
Maledictions 10:5 And I had heard his curses upon the men of violence, and the men of authority and on the rich, and I laughed, for the proud do not need to inherit the earth, for it is theirs now, and the rich and the doers of violence have the power of the lives of all, and no preaching can change that.”
Maledictions 10:6 And I considered a message of reconciliation and forgiveness to be a woman’s message, for I had never forgiven man or woman in my life, and had never been forgiven anything, nor did I expect forgiveness.
Maledictions 10:7-8 And it happened that on that day when Christ was betrayed by one of his own followers, and brought before the Sanhedrin and then before Pilate, I was not present, because God had caused my eye to swell up and fill with blood, and my sight was blurred and weak.”
Maledictions 10:9 And so while Jesus Christ was on trial before Pilate, I slept, and while he was beaten on the road to Calvary, I ate grapes with the sons of Sextus Clodius and enjoyed the white flesh of a slave girl, and drank wine from Pilate’s cellars. And so I committed the sin of gluttony.
Maledictions 10:10-12 But at the fifth hour of that day, a messenger from Pilate came and said, “Look, it is the twelfth hour of the day, and you and your companions must rise, and go to the three crucified men on Calvary and make sure that they are dead. And you must take them down and hand them over to be buried, for the Jews will not allow corpses to hang on the cross on the day of their Sabbath.”
Maledictions 10:13-14 And I and the sons of Sextus Clodius rose and strapped on our breastplates and our swords and our cloaks, and rode to Calvary, and arrived at the turn of the sixth hour, and there were the three men on the three crosses: the thief Gestas on the left hand, and the thief Dysmas on the right, and Jesus Christ between them.
Maledictions 10:15 And many people standing before Jesus Christ, weeping and rending their clothes, among them a youth and a woman, and Jesus Christ still spoke to them, and closed his eyes, although I did not hear what he said. And I ordered the sons of Sextus Clodius to drive them away, and they did,
Maledictions 10:16 and they seized from the woman and the youth a shirt that had belonged to Jesus Christ, and they saw that it had no seam, and they began to quarrel over which of them should receive it, and I told them to play dice for it, but that they should hurry, for they had not yet killed the criminals. And at this time the sky turned black, as if it were night.
Maledictions 10:17 I commanded another soldier, who was already present, to break the legs of the men, and he took up a cudgel and broke the legs of the thief Gestas and the thief Dysmas, but he would not break the legs of Jesus Christ, for he said that the man was already dead.
Maledictions 10:18-19 I rode my horse towards the man Jesus Christ and brought my face to his chest, and I could hear that he was breathing, and I cursed the soldier for a fool, and would have told the man to assault Jesus Christ with the cudgel, when the man Jesus opened his eyes and looked at me, and looked to Heaven, and I cowered before the eyes of Jesus Christ, for I saw that should I ask, he would forgive me, and a woman among those weeping nearby raised her voice and begged that I show mercy to the man Jesus Christ and take him down.
Maledictions 10:20-21 And the earth shook. And I doubted myself and said, “Truly, this man was the Son of God.” And I wanted to flee, but I would not show cowardice to the weaklings who wept for this man.
Maledictions 10:22-23 And I thought I might take the man down and show mercy to him, for I knew that Pilate had not wished to execute him, but I did not wish to explain myself, nor did I wish to find a carpenter, nor did I wish to find men to bring down the cross. And so I committed the sin of sloth.
Maledictions 10:24 And I raised my Spear and thrust it into the man Jesus Christ’s side, and the blood flowed freely, mixed with waterv, and ran down the shaft of the blade and onto my hand.
Maledictions 10:25 And Jesus died and let out a cry, and the earth shook, and the graves of the dead split open. And the dead lay still within them. And I cried out, too, for I realized that all of this was God’s will, and the dead rose, and began to walk, and hungered.
Maledictions 10:26-27 I raised my hand and wiped my forehead and a drop of blood fell in my eye, and my eye was healed. And I licked the blood from my hand, and it tasted sweet. And I knew that I was damned.
Maledictions 11:1-6 Seeing that Christ was dead, the soldiers did not break his legs. But instead one of the soldiers pierced His side with a Spear, and blood and water flowed out. A drop of blood fell upon the soldier’s lips, and he wiped it away with his hand. Yet the next day, he slept past the sunrise, and only awoke from his sleep at nightfall. And after tasting Christ’s blood, he thirsted for more. I know these things, and I know because I am the soldier.
Maledictions 11:7-8 My sight was restored; and it was beyond the clarity of mortals, and made better than it had ever been; I was blind, and now I see, for God wished me to see all things as they truly are. For clarity of sight was necessary for the ministry that God had entrusted to me.
Maledictions 11:9 I saw that I had by my own free will removed myself from the light of God, and that no salvation would exist for me, and I understood what it meant to be Damned as I had not understood it before,
Maledictions 11:10 and at the moment Jesus died, I died, too, and my heart ceased to beat, and I ceased to draw breath. And I declared that this man was the Son of God, for it was the truth.
Maledictions 11:11 And I was Longinus, the bearer of the Spear, and would be, and will be forever, world without end until such time as Christ returns in glory and wrath and ends the world, and I shepherd the Damned into the arms of Hell and Death, and I shall rejoice, and they shall rejoice with me, for that is their lot.”
Maledictions 11:12 And I rode from that place and found a dark place where I could hide from the sun, for I was afraid, and I slept, and did not awaken until the sun had risen and set once more.
Maledictions 12:1 I awoke and left the city, and went into the wilderness, wandered, hungry and yet unable to eat, and numb and like a man in fever. And for forty nights I starved in the wilderness, and for forty days I slept, and on the forty-first night, Satan came to me in the likeness of my mother, and I was tempted.
Maledictions 12:2-3 And my mother said to me, “If you are truly the first of the Damned, you can feed from the living without remorse,” and she took me to a place where a shepherd-boy slept by a fire, and she invited me to feed from the child, and I took the boy by the throat and drank deeply of his blood, and the boy died, and I was strengthened, and I rejoiced.
Maledictions 12:4 And she took me to the pinnacle of the Temple, and said, “If you are truly the eternal Damned, throw yourself from this Temple, for your injuries shall bind themselves.” And I threw myself from the Temple, and I landed on the courtyard, and was broken. And the Blood healed me, and my bones knitted together, and my body was whole again.
Maledictions 12:5 And then she took me to a high place that oversaw a graveyard, and she said, “If you are truly the prophet of the Damned, command the dead to rise and bow down before you,” and I spoke out loud: “Arise,” and a dozen of the dead — the unrighteous dead — rolled back the stones of their tombs, and bowed down before me. And they were hungry, and I commanded that they go out into the city and sate their hunger.
Maledictions 12:6-7 And Satan kissed me, and left me, and I left that place, and I understood my mandate and my mission, which is in the Blood.
Maledictions 12:8-9 I saw the proof of my power over the mortal sheep; I kept the hungry wolves in the boiling cauldron of my heart. And the mixture is a miracle, and has raised the Predator over the Prey.
Maledictions 12:10 Blood burns like the fire. Blood thunders like the storm.
Maledictions 12:11 Blood runs freely and stains the earth through eternity, for we only have the appearance of eternity, but the Blood remains.
Maledictions 12:12 I knew that I must become the master of the Blood or forever be its slave.
Maledictions 12:13 And I rejoiced, for I knew I was Damned, and that God willed it so.
Maledictions 13:1-2 In the city of Jerusalem, I met others who were Damned as I, but they did not truly understand it, and mocked me, as I had mocked Christ. And they tried to drive me away, for they considered the sheep on whom I had fed to be their herd. And I cursed them: ”Woe to you, you Elders! For you hoard the Blood to yourselves, and yet you do not understand it.” And for a time, they left me, and considered my words.
Maledictions 13:3 I no longer lusted after women; I no longer desired wine; I no longer hungered after fine foods. I had no wish for wealth, for I did not need treasures on Earth, when I had treasures in Hell.
Maledictions 13:4 But I did not know what I should do, and would have lost my mind, if I had not decided that God wished more of me.
Maledictions 13:5-6 And I held the others in contempt: for though I could see that they slept and hunted and fed in the streets of the city, they were like the beasts of the wild. They were Damned, and they stalked inside the walls, and they snarled, and they behaved like wolves or lions, but they did not have the thoughts of men.
Maledictions 13: 7-8 They were thirsty, to no purpose. I hoped that I might find my Damned Kindred among them, but how could I know what to tell them, until I had heard myself the things I should tell?
Maledictions 14:1-3 Now one night I happened upon a woman, on whom I decided to feed. But I could not feed from her, nor could I lay a hand on her. And instead I spoke to her and asked her who she was, and she told me: “I am no one, but I follow one greater than I, and His name is Jesus Christ, the Son of God, who died and was buried, who rose again on the third day, and who ascended to Heaven.” And I was dumbfounded, and I let her go. And I found that I could not feed on those who followed Christ.
Maledictions 14:4 And I feared to go to the tomb of Christ and see for myself for thirty-three years. But when those years had passed, I dreamed of owls, and I saw that I must travel to the sepulcher and see for myself.
Maledictions 14:5 I waited until the night was dark, and clouds obscured the moon, and I found that the tomb was still empty, and I knew that the tales of the resurrection and ascension of the man Jesus Christ were true.
Maledictions 14:6-7 And there appeared to me a blinding light, and I cowered in the tomb, thinking the sun had risen, but there stood before me archangel Vahishtael, with black wings and the heads of a calf, a serpent and a wolf, and holding a spear like the Spear I still held, and he spoke to me, and said: “Fear me, Longinus. For I am the messenger of your purpose.”
Maledictions 14:8 “The Damned are many, and they are denied salvation.”
Maledictions 14:9-10 “But the Damned serve as the sign to humanity of the price of sin, and to make mortals fear and to understand that their lives are brief and full of pain, and they can only see the most pitiful reflection of the glories of Heaven, for they do not see clearly, but see as if through a blurred mirror, and the Damned do not see through the mirror at all.”
Maledictions 14:11 “And it is the lot of the Damned to take the blood of mortals, that mortals might know that they will die, and that their only salvation is in the next life.”
Maledictions 14:12 “And it is your lot to go and give this message to all of the Damned, that they might know God’s purpose for them and rejoice.”
Maledictions 14:13 “Now go, Longinus, and spread the Word to all the Damned.”
Maledictions 14:14-15 And the angel left me, and I rejoiced, for I knew that I was once lost, and now I was found, and that I had found my purpose. And I left that place.
Torments 1:1 Behold Longinus, spear of damnation, humbled and exalted before man!
Torments 1:2 Behold the fruit of the blood of the anointed one, wandering in the wilderness!
Torments 1:3 Behold his hunger, his fangs bared, his eyes empty! 
Torments 1:4 Woe unto you, children of the night, that such sin has come unto you!
Torments 1:5 The pampered servants of the ruling class have been cast out, and the virtuous ones have been driven from their homes. The soldier has become the fugitive and the noble a slave.
Torments 1:6 All is death and darkness, and hunger walks through them.
Torments 2:1-3 Each night I awaken and hunger digs its claws into my belly. All the sweet and savory foods of my gluttony are tasteless and dry. Rich banquets hold no allure. I walk through the streets of the city like a beggar and a thief, shaking with hunger. I cannot find sustenance.
Torments 2:4-8 In my weakness I collapse in the street near the beggars and cripples. In an instant I can sense the scent of true food. I cannot imagine the origin of such delicacies, and in my frustration I fall upon a beggar with fury. His blood falls upon my lips and my eyes are cleared again. My fangs find his throat and I drink deeply.
Torments 2:9 I have become a wolf among men.
Torments 3:1-5 The Sanctified of the Lord is bereft of His light. I walk between the dwellings of men, finding neither welcome in their parlors nor nourishment in their company. In retribution I feed upon their children, their wives and their parents. The blood of mankind is ambrosia to my palate, and with relish I drink deeply. Men cower before my dark majesty, and upon them I slake my thirst.
Torments 3:6-8 Yet from the pious followers of the crucified I cannot feed. Their purity repels me, turns my stomach, negates my hunger. Each enclave of the faithful is anathema to my state. I turn my back upon them and walk forth again into the night.
Torments 3:9 I am alone.
Torments 4:1-3 I visit the palaces and halls of my kind, and find cold welcome there. 2My attempts to bring to my brethren the truth that I have witnessed are met with public scorn and laughter. Yet I persist in my efforts. Surely this willful ignorance must be provoking to the Lord! 
Torments 4:4-6 Few and far between are the Kindred who humor me with a receptive ear or a kind word, and they are reviled by the Romans for this conduct. Yet I persist in my efforts.
Torments 4:7-8 I cannot couch my message in the language of the philosophers and the arguments of Senators, and my speech is unimpressive. Yet I persist in my efforts.
Torments 4:9 Fine rhetoric cannot gild gold.
Torments 5:1-3 My presence is a gall to the powerful, and they tolerate me no more. Threats of death and exile are heaped upon me, and I laugh. What punishment can these feeble things deliver to me? The Lord has shown me his holy grace only to withdraw it from me.
Torments 5:4-6 The wealthy growl in my direction and the soldiers rattle their swords at me. They will not hear my message and think to scare me with their posturing. I cannot be injured by the punishment of mortal beings.
Torments 6:1-3 The Jews revolt against Rome, and the city is shaken. That the empire of all the world can be thrown into chaos by the pompous Jews! The powerful and wealthy are shocked, and I smile. Surely this is God’s punishment for their prideful reaction to me.
Torments 6:4-6 Their punishment is bittersweet for me. I know that I have failed to minister to them, and my punishment is coming. I have let the empire slip through my grasp and the Lord will not be pleased with me.
Torments 6:7 I am too lowly a servant for this task.
Torments 7:1-4 In frustration I leave the city, to wander for many nights. I know not how many pass, for I nearly starve in my travels. From time to time I find a lowly goatherd and am sated, but the wilderness and fields are no place for a being such as I.
Torments 7:5-9 I despair of finding a remedy to my failings. I am but one Kindred, and cannot bring my message everywhere. Even when I can find receptive ears, my speech is crude and unformed. My wanderings take me far and still I cannot find inspiration. In the dark and hungry nights, I doubt.
Torments 8:1-2 My world shrinks to three things: hunger and doubt and the knowledge that I must succeed. 
Torments 8:3 I know my God is just, and his wrath will be well deserved if I fail. 
Torments 8:4-5 I pray and weep and howl my frustration into the night, but His face is turned from me. I gnash my teeth and rend my garments and still no mercy is given.
Torments 8:6-8 I groan in my misery and my ears fill with the buzz of flies. My body is encrusted in filth and my soul shudders in despair. I lie in earth like a pile of dung.
Torments 9:1-5 At last holy wisdom steals into my heart and I recognize my folly. I have failed in my ministry, but I cannot succeed while lying in the dirt. With renewed vigor I stir myself. I pray to the Lord for guidance, but no words echo in my soul. I rise and turn my steps toward the cities of man.
Torments 9:6-9 In a lowly village a greedy merchant denies me hospitality. In judgment I feed upon him until his lifeblood has left him and I am sated. I wash in his basins and anoint myself with his expensive oils. God’s wolf again walks among man.
Torments 10:1-3 I am again enveloped by the city. I do not meet with my own kind, but rather listen to the philosophers and theologians of man. They write and they preach and they debate the finer points of the truth.
Torments 10:4-7 They speak of the wisdom of the Christ and the teachings and miracles of his disciples. Their writings surpass my understanding and I am confounded. I must find a teacher. 
Torments 11:1-2 In the quiet times of night I see the lamps of scholars lit in their small rooms. Like a truant child I listen at windows and skulk outside doors. 
Torments 11:3-7 At last God has mercy upon me. A scholar speaks to his fellow, explaining in careful and clear terms the mysteries of God and the Christ. He quotes the holy book of the Hebrews, the philosophers of the Greeks and the historians of Rome and Persia. He is patient and wise. The Lord has delivered him to me.
Torments 12:1-2 With humility and faith I approach the teacher. I come to him as yet another student and I beg him to impart to me his wisdom.
Torments 12:3-5 Night after night I sit before him, the wolf listening attentively to the lamb. He guides my understanding and my questioning so that I might come to the truths through the power of my own intellect. 
Torments 12:6 In my questioning I learn many things about him and his life, and his understanding of man’s place in God’s plan.
Torments 12:7 My wisdom increases, and I praise the Lord.
Torments 13:1-3 For many nights I study and learn, and my teacher makes clear the path to wisdom. At last he tells me that he has taught me all he can, and that instead of a teacher, he will be my brother, to study with and discuss the mysteries of the Lord.
Torments 13:4-7 I am troubled at this, for I know that we are not equals, he and I. Though he is wise, his understanding of God’s plan is incomplete. He knows not that I am Damned. I leave him in haste and take myself out into the night to pray. The Lord has brought me to him, and I know not what I am to do now.
Torments 14:1-2 I fast and pray and beg the Lord for an answer, but all is silence. I call upon my newfound wisdom, and decide that I must trust in man’s free will and God’s holy purpose.
Torments 14:3-7 I return to my teacher, now my friend, and I reveal to him the holy knowledge that I keep within my heart. I tell him of the centurion, of the crucified Christ and of the blood, of the angel and the purpose God has for my kind and me. I reveal to him the nature of the beast.
Torments 15:1-3 The scholar listens carefully, his attention undivided. He asks me questions about what I have seen and what I have become. Though I can smell the animal fear upon him, he remains calm and controlled, his face betraying no quiver of emotion.
Torments 15:4-7 For many hours we speak. 5In the quiet hour before the sun rises I explain to him the miracle of the Embrace, and I offer it to him. I explain to him that though this knowledge is the lifeblood of God’s holy wolves, it is a cancer among the sheep.
Torments 15:8 He has a choice: Become Damned, or die a clean death at my hands.
Torments 16:1-2 For many moments he is quiet. He asks me to pray silently with him, and I do.
Torments 16:3 I beg the Lord for assurance that I have done right, that I have chosen wisely and rightly. I do not know the nature of my companion’s prayer.
Torments 16:4-6 Finally he turns to me, and with a smile and a blessing for me he accepts my offer. He accepts holy Damnation from me and we are bound together. As the sun rises, we find shelter and we sleep.
Torments 17:1-7 For many years my childe and I study the world together. I teach him of the ways of Kindred and of the things I have learned from the Lord’s holy angel. I teach him of the corrupt nature of Kindred society and its pretensions of civilization. I teach him the ways of feeding and the powers of the blood.
Torments 17:8-11 In turn he teaches me histories of the lands through which we walk and the philosophies and legends of many nations. His knowledge is vast and deep like the great seas and I am grateful for him. We are each other’s student and each other’s teacher.
Torments 18:1 When the teaching is complete, I know that it is again my time to walk alone.
Torments 18:2 I give to my childe my love and my mission. 
Torments 18:3-4 The Sanctified now number two, each as capable and wise as the other, and our ministry shall now spread to new lands and new roads.
Torments 18:5-8 The Lord lays his hand upon my heart and I know the last gift I am to give. To my childe I entrust the keeping of the lance that had begun my enlightenment O those many nights ago. I know that it is now his blessing and his burden, and I praise the Lord for these things. We bid farewell, and I walk alone into the cold and empty night.
Torments 19:1-4 I walk through the nights of summer's balm and winter's bitter chill. The Lord brings food to my lips like manna in the desert, and I eat my fill. I find that the mouthings of prayers to the Christ are no longer sufficient to turn my fangs away, for already man has become apostate and false.
Torments 19:5 There are still some whose faith repels me, but there are many more, pampered rich women and prideful priest alike, whose faith is as fragile as their golden trinkets.
Torments 19:6 I gorge myself on their hypocrisy.
Torments 20:1-3 I come upon a dark monastery, and secretly look on the monks inside. They who were meant to be servants of the Lord, who has sworn themselves to service for years numbering only as long as a man would live, have grown doubtful and idle, and within them I find sin.
Torments 20:4-6 They are shown that the fearsome hunger of death may creep out of the night and bite through claims of piety. They are all bled and slain and devoured by the lion of the Lord. All save one.
Torments 21:1-3 Like a thief in the night I come to them, and I take their most precious possessions from them: their pride, their dignity and their lives. To each of them I deliver their doom and their damnation.
Torments 21:4 I know that the Lord will judge them as I have judged them, for their sins are many.
Torments 21:5 I am the justice of the Lord.
Torments 22:1-2 In the stable yard I see a lean and wiry monk with whip in hand, flogging an ass that is clearly too exhausted to move more than an inch with the heavy load it bears. Torments 22:3-4 Yet the monk whips again and again till the animal collapses to its knees, crying and bleeding. The man’s eyes flash with rage, and he bellows and froths at the mouth.
Torments 22:5-6 With alacrity I steal his whip from him and turn it upon him. Over and over and over again the whip meets flesh, until there is no flesh left upon him and he begs for my mercy.
Torments 22:7 There is no mercy for those that have none.
Torments 23:1-3 In the kitchens I spy a fat cook, greasy and gluttonous. I see him cut the meager meat with a selfish hand, keeping back the best parts for himself. With every dish he gorges himself, eating as he parcels out small portions for his brothers.
Torments 23:4-8 With relish I fall upon him and bear him to the floor. With a sharp claw I open his heaving belly and remove the delicacies there while he writhes and shrieks. I feed to him his organs one by one, until finally his sinful appetite is sated and he eats no more. I leave him there as a warning.
Torments 23:1-4 I make my way through the corridors and see a scribe asleep at his desk. His hair is unkempt, his robe slovenly and his fingers dirty. His copy-work is smeared and soiled. I have seen this scribe in my watching. He is slow to work and quick to rest, indifferent in his industry and in his prayers.
Torments 23:5-7 I lift him from his bench so he will not need to bestir himself. Gently I lower him from a window in the scriptorium and secure his feet to the sill with the belt of his robe. Here he may rest until death comes to claim him.
Torments 25:1-3 At another desk in a small alcove I find a young scribe engaging in unclean acts, peering at pictures of Persian orgies in a codex of filth. He too has soiled his copy of the scriptures. Though his are well-printed and carefully copied, on every page is a drawing of a perverse act among humans, animals, angels and any number of unmentionable creatures.
Torments 25:4-7 With kindness I take from him his eating-knife. I tell him that he must remove the offending parts, or I will remove them for him. In confusion he begins to cut the scroll in front of him. I correct him, turning his hand to the source of his sin.
Torments 25:8 His screams are prodigious as the organ is cast away.
Torments 26:1-2 In the reckoner's study I find a monk hiding away pouches of money in his garments as he prepares to flee, alms for the poor and the accounts of the brotherhood stolen away to feed his avarice.
Torments 26:3-5 In righteous indignation I heap upon him every object and coin at hand, well-crafted furniture and fine cloth alike, until at last he is crushed and smothered beneath their weight. Perhaps now he will be sated.
Torments 27:1-2 In the antechamber of the abbot's quarters, I find a sniveling lackey resplendent in borrowed finery too large for his meager frame. He throws himself against the door to forefend the delivery of the Lord’s judgment upon his superior.
Torments 27:3-6 As he whines and cries for me to spare his life and that of the abbot, I recognize the fire of envy within him. With grim pleasure I decide: I will give him his heart’s desire and allow him to share in the glory of the abbot’s portion. Surely he will rejoice in such an exaltation.
Torments 28:1-3 I push the lackey ahead of me as I walk into the abbot's chamber. No son of Rome ever looked so grand as this abbot does in velvets and silks, with a golden signet indicating his rank. With umbrage he rises to meet me and challenges my right to come before his holy presence.
Torments 28:4 Pride is his sin and pride shall be his punishment. 
Torments 28:5 I throw the lackey to the side so that he may watch before joining the abbot in ignominious death.
Torments 28:6-8 Methodically I strip him of his fine clothes and his golden trinkets until his sanguine frame stands bared and humbled before my wrath. I let him beg for mercy, crying and mewling until I am nearly wearied of it, and then he begs for death. With calm assurance I give him his due. His underling follows him to hell.
Torments 29:1-3 Nearly satisfied, I walk through the corridors where the stench of death is sharp and all-encompassing. I have delivered to these sinners the wrath of God, and my work is almost done. But one monk remains, ensconced in the chapel.
Torments 29:4-6 His face is lined with age, but his eyes show the light of wisdom. 5He declares, “I know what you are, and I know that your actions here tonight are the work of the Lord. “You are a drinker of blood.”
Torments 30:1-3 My shock is palpable as I meet his gaze. He is calm and unafraid, though his body is frail and undefended. He entreats me to tell him of my holy mission, and I cannot do other than comply.
Torments 30:4-6 I tell him of the centurion, of the crucified Christ and of the blood, of the angel and the purpose God has for me and my kind. I reveal to him the nature of the beast.
Torments 31:1-3 I offer him the choice of Damnation, and he responds with a shrewd look. The monk explains that he shall be damned regardless of his choice, for surely to choose your own death is akin to the mortal sin of suicide.
Torments 31:4-6 I cannot counter this nor offer any consolation. I reiterate to him my faith in God’s plan, and insist that I will deliver him unto death with a prayer for his soul if that should be his choice.
Torments 31:7 My prayers are fervent.
Torments 32:1 He tells me that he cannot believe that the Lord would be so cruel as to deny his child a hopeless choice when his faith is strong and his works good.
Torments 32:2 He says, “Surely there must be some hope of redemption in this dark world of God’s making!”
Torments 32:3-5 He asserts that this damnation I offer must have in some small way a chance of salvation or forgiveness in the eternity of God’s plan, and he will take that chance rather than to languish forever as a hopeless soul in the pit of fire. And so he is become Damned.
Torments 33:1-3 Under my guidance he finds a goatherd in an outbuilding of the monastery and drinks deeply. In the day we sleep, and in the night we take our ministry to the world.
Torments 33:4-7 In the towns and cities of man we find nests of Kindred, worm and prince alike, and impart to them our holy words. My tongue is given liquidity, and the monk’s words are wise and weighty. At last the truths I know are heard.
Torments 34:1-3 We gather apostles to share in our ministry. In Jerusalem, in Tyre, in Ephesus, in Rome, in Corinth, in Alexandria and in Cappadocia we find brave men and women who accept the holy Damnation and the burden of God’s truth.
Torments 34:4-6 Each is given the choice to die as free mortals, and all choose the sanctification of the Embrace. Our numbers swell and our ministry strengthens.
Torments 35:1-2 At last the childer of the lance feel the hand of the Lord upon their hearts and take upon themselves the burden of a new ministry. They will find a suitable place and establish a monastery as holy as the one from whence the monk came was sinful.
Torments 35:3-4 Those Kindred who accept the truth of God’s plan in their lifeless hearts may study and pray in such a place, and the lifeblood of our divine purpose will flow within their ranks.
Torments 35:5 The truth shall have a home, and our Damnation shall be blessed by all peoples!
RoG 1:1 Incline your ears, O my children of the night, and let these humble words fly to your hearts. Know that the teachings of our father Longinus are a great burden upon us, and that the judgment of God is most justly severe.
RoG 1:2 Recognize that these words are written not at the bidding of any man, nor any demon, but for and through the purpose of our God.
RoG 1:3 Each one of us is but one starving wolf, culling sheep in the dead of night; through the fellowship of lance and of chapel are we brought together to serve a higher Purpose. RoG 1:4 Remember that one wolf may be bested by a single youth, but a pack of wolves strikes fear into even the strongest of warriors.
RoG 1:5 Together, therefore, learn the teachings of the Dark Father, and know that your unlife is holy: That though you are Damned, your Damnation has purpose. 
RoG 1:6 It is the will of God that you are what you are, and the will of God is that the Damned exist to show the evils of turning from Him. 
RoG 1:7 The evil become Damned; God has taken those worthy of His love to His own side. RoG 1:8 It is the will of God that we yet walk, even after death, for we are his messengers to Kindred and men. 
RoG 1:9 We are the wolves of Heaven, and in our presence, only the faithful do not tremble. RoG 1:10 We are holy lightning, and when we strike, only the faithful do not burn. 
RoG 1:11 Where we walk, evil is destroyed. 
RoG 1:12 Where we walk, God takes those worthy of his love to his own side.
RoG 1:13 That what you once were is not what you now are. 
RoG 1:14 As a mortal is a sheep, so are the Damned wolves among them. That role is defined by nature — wolves feed on their prey, but they are not cruel to them. The role of predator is natural, even if the predator himself is not. 
RoG 1:15 Accept your role, but seek not to taint it with your desires.
RoG 1:16 That an ordained hierarchy exists. As man is above beasts, so are the Damned
above men. 
RoG 1:17 Our numbers are fewer so that our purpose is better effected. There are blades of grass beyond human measure. Sheep and cattle, which eat the grass, are fewer than grass yet more than the numbers of man. Man, who eats the animals, is yet fewer than these creatures, and we are still fewer than man. 
RoG 1:18 Each must have his place in God's plan. 
RoG 1:19 This is as orderly as the passage of stars in the heavens or the passage of years of a man's life.
RoG 1:20 That with the power of Damnation comes limitation. The Damned hide among those who still enjoy God's love, making themselves known only to exemplify fear and cull the unrepentant. 
RoG 1:21 The Damned shall make none of their own, for such is a judgment of soul that is the purview only of God. 
RoG 1:22 The Damned shall suffer yet more should they slay a fellow to take his soul from him.
RoG 1:23 That our bodies are not our own. Our purpose is to serve, and when we stray from that purpose, we are to be chastened through God's miracles. 
RoG 1:24 Our Damnation effects certain transformations: the light of the sun excoriates; the flames of a fire purify fleshly evil. The taste of all sustenance other than Vitae is as ash upon the tongue. These things and more shall set us apart from the baser demons of the night.
RoG 1:25 Brethren, let us rejoice always in our damnation and be ever humble in our purpose. Amen.
RoG 2:1 Though you are Damned, your Damnation has purpose. 
RoG 2:2 It is the will of God that you are what you are, and the will of God is that the Damned exist to show the evils of turning from Him.
RoG 2:3 We each have turned from the face of God in our sin. In wrath we have fed, in luxury we have indulged, and in pride we have despaired. 
RoG 2:4 As men we sinned, and in death we were Damned. 
RoG 2:5 Each Damnation is a whole and perfect act of God, done by his might and through his will.
RoG 2:6 The evil become Damned; God has taken those worthy of His love to His own side. RoG 2:7 In the scriptures of man we hear that God shall take to him the sheep, and turn aside the goats. Every child knows that the goat, through its superior intellect, can herd the sheep, to lead them to safety or to peril. 
RoG 2:8 Every neonate knows that the Kindred, through his superior prowess, can drive the kine to an existence of utility or to certain death. 
RoG 2:9 We are cast off from God's left hand, but His purpose encompasses all quarters of creation.
RoG 2:10 Our Damnation is but one part of God's plan. It is perfect, eternal and predestined. For this reason we must pay close attention to what we have heard, so that each one of us may recognize his own part in the divine purpose. 
RoG 2:11 We must keep faith at all times in the all-encompassing rightness of God's plan and the part which Longinus came to play in it. 
RoG 2:12 We can be assured that what we believe is true and right, for the Angel Vahishtael
was sent to guide Longinus in his new-found wisdom. 
RoG 2:13 We can know that the unlife we lead is Sanctified, for we have seen miracles with our own eyes and felt the presence of divinity in our predation.
RoG 2:14 And surely we are Sanctified! 
RoG 2:14 We know even now that these nights grow shorter and fewer with every passing year. Every season of fasting the question arises: Will this be the last? Surely the final judgment will be coming soon.
RoG 2:15 And woe unto the man who leads a mortal life of sin and depravity, for surely he will be judged and removed from God's grace for all eternity. 
RoG 2:16 We as Damned are blessed, for we may taste of damnation before those final nights are upon us. 
RoG 2:17 He who is Damned and yet cannot see the truth of it will be torn asunder by the harsh reality of God's wrath. But we who live Damnation every night shall welcome the justice of his judgment.
RoG 2:18 The Dark Prophet himself has said that though our work is sinful, our mission is holy. 
RoG 2:19 Every night since the night your heart ceased its beating you have sinned. 
RoG 2:20 Even on nights you have done nothing but lie in your crypt or your cave you have sinned, for you are outside of God's grace. 
RoG 2:21 Your very existence, your urges, your hungers, your desires, are born of sin and infused with sin.
RoG 3:1 Thus the Dark Father spake: that what you once were is not what you now are.
RoG 3:2 As a mortal is a sheep, so are the Damned wolves among them. That role is defined by nature — wolves feed on their prey, but they are not cruel to them. 
RoG 3:3 The role of predator is natural, even if the predator himself is not.
RoG 3:4 Remember, O childer, that though you yet bear the form of man, you are transformed by holy censure. 
RoG 3:5 No longer is it your purpose or your prerogative to live the three score years and ten of the children of Adam.
RoG 3:6 No longer shall you sense your heart beating within your breast, feel the satisfaction of a day's toil, or enjoy the comfort of the marriage bed.
RoG 3:7 Now instead you shall feed upon mortal blood, a hunter and a scavenger of those whose souls may yet be saved. 
RoG 3:8 We are God's holy monsters, and as predators above predators we must use our prowess wisely. 
RoG 3:9 The wolf or lion will feed upon the aged, the young, the sick. The worms will feed
upon the plagued and decrepit. 
RoG 3:10 We, who have been exalted by our Damnation, must show God's purpose to the kine and to our heathen brothers through our superior predation.
RoG 3:11 Man is like unto the angels with his faculties and compassion. As we were once men, we have these qualities at hand in every undertaking. We can show the rich their poverty, we can show the powerful their weakness, we can show the healthy their decay, and we can show the pious their hypocrisy.
RoG 3:12 To all men we can show the misery and depredation of the physical world, so that their souls may yearn more intensely for the kingdom that may be theirs, through the grace of God.
RoG 3:13 The mandate of the Lord is such that the duty of each Damned Kindred to feed upon the mortal kine without regret or mercy, just as it is the duty of the mortal to feed us with his life-giving Vitae.
RoG 3:14 You shall not feed on children, for a child may sin but they are sins of ignorance, not of willful submission to evil. A child must be allowed to grow to the age of maturity so that his sins will be his own and his responsibility shall be full.
RoG 3:15 You shall not feed on the simple or the mad who are unknowing of their own choices, for in such childlike souls no sin can truly take root. 
RoG 3:16 Even a murderer who genuinely knows not what he does will not be driven away from his sinful choices by your predation, and will not recognize God’s salvation even if it is given to him.
RoG 3:17 You shall not shy from feeding on noble or peasant, maiden or sage. There are some among the Damned who have in past nights chosen to feed only on criminals, or priests of heretical gods, or the weak or aged. This is anathema to our kind. 
RoG 3:18 We are justified and Sanctified in our feeding, and all men and women shall be as meat beneath our fangs.
RoG 3:19 You shall feed carefully, whether your sheep live in one flock or are scattered.
RoG 3:20 Let your predation be effected carefully and with forethought. To show yourself shamelessly in your true form to the kine is a sin, for it endangers our holy purpose. 
RoG 3:21 Mortals are a skittish lot, like unto sheep, and will act as unsensibly as sheep do when affrighted.
RoG 3:22 You shall feed only enough to satisfy your hunger and fulfill God’s holy purpose. RoG 3:23 There is no need to slaughter your meal, for such is wasteful and impious.
RoG 3:24 Thank the Lord your God when you feed, and ask for his blessing on the Vitae claim to fulfill your anointed purpose.
RoG 3:25 Feed justly, and with discretion. Feed for hunger and feed for joy. Remember always you are the hunter and devourer of mankind.
RoG 4:1 It is known to you that an ordained hierarchy exists. As man is above beasts, so are the Damned above men. 
RoG 4:2 Our numbers are fewer so that our purpose is better effected.
RoG 4:3 We recognize a hierarchy of the natural world, from the lowest depths of the deepest hell to the highest heaven. 
RoG 4:4 We recognize a hierarchy of creatures, from the lowest fly to the greatest of the Damned. 
RoG 4:5 We acknowledge and are grateful for our position in the ordering of God's creation.
RoG 4:6 The numbers of man are many, for they are fruitful and multiply. The numbers of Kindred are fewer, for we grow our ranks only through Damnation and death; those who are without sin shall never enter our ranks. The number that come to the truth of our brotherhood are yet fewer, for few will raise themselves above their food to see the truth which stands before them. And still fewer can bear the heavy burden of leadership, to be held as an example for his brethren.
RoG 4:7 We recognize also a hierarchy of the Damned. From the lowest of those who cannot see the truth of our Sanctification or the barest neonate, his sire's Vitae still fresh upon his lips, to the most perfect predator and the greatest student of the Dark Prophet, we too have a hierarchy that is part of God's plan.
RoG 4:8 Those who shall serve you as abbot shall be held to the highest standard, for they must show the faithful the proper conduct. 
RoG 4:9 Each abbot is merely a servant; he serves the community, the mission of the Dark Prophet, and the purpose of God. 
RoG 4:10 Let no Kindred be crowned as a king of the faithful; such things are better left to the patriarchs and emperors of the secular concern. 
RoG 4:11 Each abbot, like each brother, serves God’s purpose in his own way, and shall be garnered respect as first among equals, as he has earned through the perfection of his predation. There is none more worthy above you, excepting God.
RoG 4:12 Let not the blood of your brethren set him apart from you, nor his station before his Damnation. 
RoG 4:13 Keep foremost in your hearts always that no noble is above a slave, nor a prince before a worm, for we are all equally exalted and brought low in our Damnation. 
RoG 4:14 Yet also it must be remembered that we are not members of the mortals’ slave religions; we are set above and apart from mankind, and we need not grovel before any man or any Kindred.
RoG 4:15 Beware also those who would remove themselves from the community of the faithful to claim superiority in isolation. The eremitic way of life is anathema to this body of faithful. 
RoG 4:16 Though it is recognized that isolation is sometimes needed to cleanse the soul, to reject the greater body of the Sanctified by refusing to recognize and welcome brothers and sisters in faith is to reject the faith as it has been given to us.
RoG 4:17 Those who serve their brethren of the Spear by wandering shall not, however, be cast out from the body of the faithful. As long as they acknowledge and bend to the hierarchy and the tenets of the community and do not fall into apostasy, they shall be welcomed and recognized by their brethren.
RoG 4:18 One who is recognized by his brothers shall be raised above them only in duty, and shall ask of his brethren their blessing on his leadership. Before assuming his role, he must confess his sins and the cause of his Damnation, and be given such penance as will make his unlife most pure.
RoG 4:19 He must remember always that his accounting before the dread judgment of God will be for not only his own teaching and conduct, but on that of his disciples. 
RoG 4:20 Let him be marked for this greater accounting, as Cain was marked by God for his deathly sin. 
RoG 4:21 For no mercy shall be shown him who counterfeits piety, or who uses his station to manipulate or extort his brethren. Such men are anathema before the Lord and shall be thrown down to the lowest station that the community can conceive of.
RoG 4:22 In the presence of any sin, all of the fathers of all the monasteries will be able and should reprimand and provide needed correction to any member of the community of the faithful. 
RoG 4:23 Anyone who refuses the proper penance given by one superior to him shall be punished in the usual waye.
RoG 4:24 Thus do we acknowledge the first among us, and trust in our brethren in diverse communities to choose leaders wise and worshipful. 
RoG 4:25 Let us also aspire to that more perfect predation, and let those who have been chosen to be first among equals be magnanimous in their strictures, be forgiving in their dealings with other Damned, and let them be wise in their law-giving.
RoG 5:1 We know well that with the power of Damnation comes limitation. 
RoG 5:2 The Damned hide among those who still enjoy God's love, making themselves known only to exemplify fear. 
RoG 5:3 Though we are blessed by our Damnation, we are still denied for eternity the light of God's grace. 
RoG 5:4 These limitations are of God's design, and we are bound to them as surely as we are bound to the Vitae that gives us sustenance. 
RoG 5:5 Yet happy are we that we may recognize and celebrate our limitations as but one piece of the greater plan of almighty God, and follow them with piety and with good cheer.
RoG 5:6 The ordering of the cosmos lies with God, and he has given to us the dark places of the night and the fears in men's hearts. It is thus sinful to walk among the kine as if we were without fear, full of false pride. 
RoG 5:7 Though we feed upon them, our souls are forever stained and we shall never reach
the salvation that is theirs to take. 
RoG 5:8 Thus each Damned is both above and below each man, for we are the devourer of Vitae but we beg at the table for scraps of God's favor. 
RoG 5:9 It is not for us to question his wisdom and walk among men as if our sin were not shameful, or our blessings not dark.
RoG 5:10 Those who show the sin of hubris and do not keep an unoffending facade when in the company of mortals shall surely bring doom upon themselves. For man is clever and when he finds an enemy he will find a way to destroy it. 
RoG 5:11 It is not the wolf's way to lie down with the sheep. Better it is that man should fear the night, the unknown and the predators therein.
RoG 5:12 Punishment shall be great for he who brings the wrath of man down upon himself and his brethren. 
RoG 5:13 Be not prideful, lest your betters – be they Kindred or God – feel the need to correct you.
RoG 5:14 Likewise the Damned shall make none of their own, for such is a judgment of the soul that is the purview only of God. 
RoG 5:15 Who are you to damn a soul that may yet find salvation later? 
RoG 5:16 Though it may seem that an unrepentant murderer or a rapist or an adulterer shall surely be damned by God, bear in mind always that God's judgment is perfect and ineffable and we as beings of a finite existence shall never know it fully.
RoG 5:17 In the extraordinary circumstance of the Embrace, a mortal must always be given the choice between Damnation or death. 
RoG 5:18 Woe be unto him who must choose suicide or the lake of fire! For suicide is as prideful a sin as murder, setting the time of one’s own death instead of the time of God's choosing. Be wary of setting such a choice before a mortal, and remember always that God's will is all-powerful, and shall always come to fruition.
RoG 5:19 For those Damned who are yet foolish enough to bestow the Embrace upon a sinful mortal, bear in mind that what you do is no base function of the physical body. It is a sacred thing, for was not the Dark Father given his unlife by the divinity of the Christ himself? RoG 5:20 Your eternal soul shall be held accountable for it, as shall the soul of your childe, and neither shall escape the harsh and perfect judgment of God.
RoG 5:21 The Damned shall suffer yet more should they slay a fellow to take his soul from him. Your own soul shall become yet blacker in the eyes of God, for he shall not look kindly on one who would take a soul from the judgment of heaven. 
RoG 5:22 The call of Kindred Vitae is an insidious and enticing one. 
RoG 5:23 To take into one's own body the strengths of another, whether body, mind or soul, is a temptation to all but the most pious. To take a soul must therefore be nearly irresistible.
RoG 5:24 To make oneself more potent, more brilliant, more charismatic, with no effort from yourself seems heavenly in its effortlessness.
RoG 5:25 Know, however, that such things can be seen by eye of God and other Kindred, who will surely turn their hatred upon your sloth and pride.
RoG 5:26 Live humbly, then, my children, within the strictures that have been set for you, by the tenets of the plan that God has laid for you, and rejoice in the blessings of your Damnation.
RoG 6:1 We know that as the Damned we are preordained to sin, both venal and mortal. How blessed are we, then, that our mortality is guaranteed through our Damnation! For we are not only doomed to die, but are dead already.
RoG 6:2 We have died and we will die and our death shall be everlasting. Let hymns of praise be sung to God and his almighty Damnation!
RoG 6:3 It is difficult for many of the faithful to truly understand that our bodies are not our own. Our purpose is to serve, and when we stray from that purpose, we are to be chastened. RoG 6:4 The light of the sun excoriates; the flames of a fire purify fleshly evil. The taste of all sustenance other than Vitae is as ash upon the tongue.
RoG 6:5 Our will must be subsumed beneath the will of God. 
RoG 6:6 He has a divine purpose for each of us which we must follow without fear and without doubt.
RoG 6:7 Happy is he that may be called to give up his life so that the faith or the unlives of his brothers and sisters may yet survive! 
RoG 6:8 Did not those Dark Apostles who were martyred for their faith give a superior example for us to follow? Was not the sacrifice of their unlives glorious?
RoG 6:9 Who among us has not approached a member of the kine in order that we might feed upon him, only to be driven back by the purity of his soul and its faith? By this we may see that our hunger is subservient to God’s natural order.
RoG 6:10 It is anathema to feed among the pure and righteous, for it is the clear wish of the Lord that such persons must be left unmolested in their goodness.
RoG 6:11 The Lord wishes to gather close to him those of spotless heart and perfect soul, and as such they are not ours to take or to prey upon.
RoG 7:1 The following are the precepts we order you living in the monastery to observe. As a community of the blessed, it behooves you to conduct yourselves in an orderly and regimented way.
RoG 7:2 The unlife of a community of the Sanctified is far superior to that of a solitary soul, but keep in mind always that fasting, rituals and austerities must never interfere with prayer or your holy predation.
RoG 7:3 At the setting of the sun, the abbot shall make some sign to the community that a prayerful night shall commence. By bell or by call or by shriek of evening's sustenance, the brethren shall be gathered together. The abbot will lead them in prayer and the brethren shall ask God for a blessing on their evening’s doings.
RoG 7:4 For those that can be nourished by beasts, let them be fed. For those that must receive sustenance from brethren, let them avail themselves of such arrangements as are proper. For all others of God’s wolves that require nourishment, let the abbot invoke a blessing upon them and send them out into the flock.
RoG 7:5 Those who have no abbot may say to God: Heavenly Father, guide my aim as I serve your Holy Spear, spilling the blood of the wicked in your name. Amen.
RoG 7:6 Those who do not feed on a particular night should contribute in some way to the orderly doings of the house. 
RoG 7:7 Let those who are strong of will provide the fires to light the chapel and the scriptorium. 
RoG 7:8 Let those who are strong of body tend to the beasts and provide defense against such enemies as all righteous Kindred have. 
RoG 7:9 Let those who are strong of mind manage the necessary finances and whatever dealings with the political world – however distasteful – the fellowship may require. 
RoG 7:10 Let those who are strong of spirit and foremost in their Damnation tend to the spiritual needs of the community, through confession, punishment and guidance.
RoG 7:11 After the evening prayer, a designated Kindred will ask the father of the monastery about all the things that he considers necessary and about the moment in which the brothers should go to work in the world. According to the order that he had received, he will speak to each Sanctified and teach each one what they have to do.
RoG 7:12 In the mid-night on preordained evenings, whether to celebrate a holy day or every night if the resources of the community shall allow it, the abbot shall celebrate a dark communion of the brethren. All members shall be gathered together unless they previously obtain dispensation for absence, and they shall celebrate the teachings of the Dark Father and revel in the blessing of their Damnation.
RoG 7:13 Sustenance shall be shared communally and our Father’s words shall be read. An abbot who has words of guidance for his brethren may find it prudent to share these words while all are gathered, but these things should at all times be secondary to the words of the Dark Father. 
RoG 7:14 A righteous community should celebrate these things no less than once a week, at the sabbath.
RoG 7:15 He who abandons the celebration without the permission of his superior will be rebuked instantly. Anyone who is late to prayers and anyone who had whispered with his neighbor or laughed secretly will do penance according to the established way, during the rest of the prayers.
RoG 7:16 On nights when the community is not amassed, gatherings of brethren to pray among themselves shall be encouraged by the abbot. Those who are yet unschooled in their Damnation shall be guided by those with greater wisdom, so that all may hear the truth.
RoG 7:17 If any of the brethren be injured by fire or battle or claw of wolf in the acquittal of God’s holy purpose, let other brethren care for him in the community so that his vigor be renewed and he may be again a useful tool of God’s plan. If his unlife be taken, let him be mourned as if he were the closest confidant or blood-kin.
RoG 7:18 If anyone who comes to the door of the monastery with the purpose of joining the community, he will not have the freedom to enter. The candidate will stay some days in an antechamber provided for visitors and for supplicants. Brethren will teach him the simplest teachings of the Dark Father and he will recite them faithfully to show that his will motivates him to join. They will teach him all of the disciplines of the monastery, and what he should carry on and what he has to accept. This is to make sure that he is not a spy or a troublemaker intent on causing harm to the Sanctified.
RoG 7:19 Once the brethren and the abbot are satisfied as to his earnestness, they shall allow him to join the prayers and celebrations and join him to the community in the accepted way. 
RoG 7:20 If he is illiterate, he will go, after prayers and after the communal celebration, to be taught to read the holy scriptures.
RoG 7:21 In general, no one in the community will be allowed to stay without being able to read or memorize something from scripture.
RoG 7:22 If any come to the monastery as visitor or envoy, they shall be granted entrance but shall be watched and guarded for their own safety and the safety of the brethren. RoG RoG 7:23 Sanctuary shall be given to all that require it, but it does not then follow that the community must lay itself defenseless.
RoG 7:24 Any one who has taken on the cloak of our faith and yet is still compelled to wander shall show due reverence to those who maintain communities of brethren and shall not be turned away through fear or ignorance. 
RoG 7:25 The wanderers who minister to the far-flung paths shall not be cast off.
RoG 7:26 Any one who has abandoned the community of the brothers and then had come back will not return to his place, after having made penance, without the order of the superior. Until such time as penance shall be made, he will be treated as a postulant and shall be put through all required tests.
RoG 7:27 Any one who finds it necessary through wrestling with his baser instincts or some other weakness to be removed from the community that they might find greater self-control through isolation shall be released into such only with the blessing of the abbot. If he is faithful, he shall lose no standing among his Damned brothers but shall be welcomed back once he has expelled his demons of sin.
RoG 7:28 If any community shall be found to be in practice of heretical faith, they shall be expelled from the body of the faithful. Yet if they and their abbot shall make penance and recant all heresies, they shall be welcomed back to the community of brethren.
RoG 7:29 If a member of the monastery gives his worldly possessions to the community, his death shall not release their claim upon it. No heirs of mortal or Kindred line shall have claim upon it, nor shall they have right to petition the community for recompense or fee.
RoG 7:30 If the abbot of the monastery is absent for a short period of time, they will wait for him, but if they see that his absence is prolonged for some more time, then they will confer amongst themselves and, through prayer and fasting discern who is the most perfect among them. Let no ill will be caused by such discernment, but let all brethren recognize God’s work in their leadership.
RoG 7:31 If the chief of the house violates one of these precepts, he will be repaid according to his deeds. Those who are first shall be punished sevenfold in their transgressions so that they may be a more perfect example of the righteous way of the Damned.
RoG 7:32 If any of the community by mishap or by intent participate in the Damnation of a mortal, let him be punished for it body and soul. Let every effort be made to bring the new Kindred into the body of the faithful and let his Damnation be fully expressed to him.
RoG 7:33 Our required predation must be done carefully and wholly, not merely for sustenance, but for its own blessed sake and in order that we may be more perfect monsters for the Lord. For this reason, it is always prudent for the founders of such a community of Kindred to draw themselves towards cities of men, where corruption makes men weak and the dark places are more riddled with sin.
RoG 8:1 These words I have written shall tell you your duties, your limitations and the proper conduct of a community of the Sanctified, but what then shall each of you do to grow in your piety and Damnation?
RoG 8:2 The good works of a Damned monster must be strange indeed, I hear my brethren say. For we are not poor mortal sheep who do such simple works of charity and kindness that may yet earn them the glorious salvation of the Lord! 
RoG 8:3 Yet prayer and reason and the works of our Dark Father shall ever show us the way in which we shall comport ourselves. 
RoG 8:4 Herein I shall write such things as I hope may guide the youngest neonate and the most pious abbot, the basest supplicant and the strongest predator.
RoG 8:5 You shall pray to the Lord your God each night, whether at dusk of night, at mid-night or at first hint of dawn. 
RoG 8:6 The Lord cares not what time your prayer shall be, only that it be heartfelt and pious, for all times are alike before his omnipotence. 
RoG 8:7 Raise your voice to the Lord or say quietly within your soul: thank you my God for your holy Damnation and thank you for showing me my place in your ineffable plan. May my prayers and predations be always acceptable in your sight and may my actions this night drive Kindred and man alike to a more perfect understanding of your will. Amen.
RoG 8:8 You shall honor the Dark Father and give thanks for the perfection of his sinfulness and the miracle of his transformation. Say to the Lord: My God, all praise is due to you for the miracle of transformation that you bestowed upon the centurion. Blessed are we who know the truth of divinity in the world because of the blood of the Christ that gave the centurion sight and life! May we ever walk in his ways and follow his example, by your power and will. Amen.
RoG 8:9 You shall venerate and give thanks for the example of those of your brethren who have given their lives to protect your faith and your unlife. Many holy men and women have laid down their lives to fire and to fang so that we may continue to spread the good news to Kindred everywhere that their unlives are still meaningful in the eyes of God. 
RoG 8:10 Pray to the Lord and say: My Lord and God, thank you for the example you have given us of the saints and martyrs who walk in the ways of Longinus. May they through their selfless devotion to you and your will find some forgiveness in your almighty goodness. Amen.
RoG 8:11 You shall celebrate your Damnation and Sanctification together with your brethren at the appointed times and in the appointed ways. You shall together hear the teachings of the Dark Father and shall thank the Lord for his wisdom in showing us our Damnation. These things shall be done for regular gatherings, for the anointing of new Sanctified and for other celebratory occasions. 
RoG 8:12 You shall say to the Lord: All praise be to you, most high, for the shadow of your divine grace which you have allowed to fall upon us! Blessings be upon you and may our nights always venerate your holy ways. Amen.
RoG 8:13 You shall in every year follow the example of our Dark Father Longinus and fast from sustenance at certain times. You shall undergo a period of reflection and of deep prayer while the wolf of hunger begins to gnaw at you, so that your holy hunger for Vitae may become more completely a part of your soul. Let this be a time for predation to be lessened so that when you again feed you shall do so, rejoicing in your holy thirst. 
RoG 8:14 You shall say to the Lord: Most wise God, who has given us undiminishing hunger for the blood of man, give us strength and cunning to feed swiftly and feed well, and give us wisdom to feed upon those who most deserve the divine fear. Let our predations be always fitting in your sight. Amen.
RoG 8:15 You shall aid your brethren who are too weak from injury or infirmity to feed upon the kine as is their duty. You shall obtain for them blessed Vitae and help them to regain their strength so that they may yet acquit their duty before the Lord. 
RoG 8:16 Be not merciful to the slothful or the idle, but only those who have proven their strength previously and are now found to be lacking in bodily strength. 
RoG 8:17 Say to the Lord: Let this Vitae bring strength to your Damned child so that he may go forth in coming nights to feed upon the mortals which you have given us. Amen.
RoG 8:18 You shall bring the word of the Dark Prophet to your brothers and sisters who have not yet found their place in God’s plan. You shall do every reasonable thing in your power to bring them to the path of wisdom so that they may find solace and joy in the knowledge of their Damnation.
RoG 8:19 Let them be humbled by the mighty breadth of God’s plan and let them be exalted by their place as the predators of mankind. As you bring the word to them, say to the Lord: Almighty God, whose wisdom surpasses all understanding, give to this Kindred the knowledge of your plan. Let him partake of the blessing of his Damnation and let him find direction in your plan. Amen.
RoG 8:20 You shall bring wisdom to doubters who have heard the teachings of the Dark Prophet but who have not yet taken it into their souls. You must assert to them their proper role in God’s creation and the hierarchy that places them above man yet always beneath God and his angels. 
RoG 8:21 Say to the Lord: God who has set all things in creation in their proper place, show to us our place in your cosmos and let us always be mindful of it. Amen.
RoG 8:22 You shall bring humility to those who are wasters of their time on earth and who fritter away their nights in petty and trivial things. Show unto them their place in God’s plan and bring their talents and gifts to the greater purpose for which all Damned are made. Let them not be wallowers in filth who cannot see for the ordure in their eyes. 
RoG 8:23 Say to the Lord: God, who by the holy blood of the Christ made clear the vision of the centurion, grant to us clarity of vision that we may see and accept our place in your almighty plan. Amen.
RoG 8:24 You shall give counsel to any Kindred who asks for spiritual guidance from you. No request for prayer or guidance shall be denied, even though you know it to be false, for by showing your magnanimity and piety you shall affect not only the petitioner but also all who hear of your good graces.
RoG 8:25 Say to the Lord: Heavenly God who knows all things and sees all things, let not the heart of this Kindred be hardened, but grant me wisdom to give good counsel and bring him ever closer to your eternal plan. Amen.
RoG 8:26 If in all your good efforts a Kindred persists in apostasy or heresy and not be swayed by prayer or reason, but rejects your teachings with bile and hatred, Final Death shall be given to him. Do not undertake this lightly, for all Kindred shall if possible be given the chance to make accounting for themselves when the final judgment is at hand. Yet prayerfully and in conference with the greatest among your brethren shall you undertake this heaviest of burdens when it is deemed fully necessary. 
RoG 8:27 You shall undergo great penance and full confession for the ending of an unlife, yet truly such things are also of God’s plan. You shall say to the Lord: My God, I am truly sinful for the taking of a life which you had given Damnation. I acknowledge and bewail my manifold sins and wickedness and ask not for your forgiveness but only for your understanding, and I pray that what was done was done in accordance with your will. Have mercy on me in your everlasting judgment. Amen.
RoG 9:1 We know that we are yet imperfect in our understanding of our Damnation and its precepts. 
RoG 9:2 We know as creatures born to sin that we are weak and prone to superstition. Yet arm yourselves against the baser habits of the witches and peddlers of offal and filth.
RoG 9:3 Hear these words, O my brethren, and keep yourselves wary! Leave behind such trappings of heathen belief and dedicate yourself to the worship of God. 
RoG 9:4 For through the teachings of the Dark Father we are given new insight into his all-powerful Purpose and should conduct ourselves according to that blessed plan.
RoG 9:5 Apostasy shall be rejected by all faithful. Those who have known and accepted the true faith and then subsequently come to reject it as untrue shall face the greatest punishment.
RoG 9:6 Yet also he who spurns the penance of his brother shall face great punishment.
RoG 9:7 Those who have come to know their error shall not be rejected from the body of the faithful, for who are we to deny the Damnation of our fellow Kindred?
RoG 9:8 Put not your faith in witchcraft and the exaltation of mortal or Kindred power.
RoG 9:9 All power comes from God and is granted us by our Damnation.
RoG 9:10 Do not put your faith in base rituals, hoping for miraculous doings. Such gifts as we are given are given by God alone, not through formulae and blasphemous incantations. RoG 9:11 Trust in the Lord your God to give you such strength of faith and divine blessing that you too may perform miracles.
RoG 9:12 Do not lower yourself to pawing through the entrails of man or beast, searching for sign of wisdom where none may be found. Leave such filth to the witches and heathens.
RoG 9:13 Likewise do not stoop to consulting paths of blood on carved bone, or carvings of wood, or fecund she-animals, for there too no wisdom can be found.
RoG 9:14 Do not venerate heart of man, or beast, or Kindred. It is merely an organ of base flesh, useful to us only inasmuch as it provides food. 
RoG 9:15 I have seen with my own eyes hearts in ornate chambers of gem and gold, held forth for Kindred to worship and grovel before. Do not let your soul be thus debased.
RoG 9:16 Let no Kindred undertake such activities as are calculated to discovering the mortal name of our Dark Father. To question his wisdom in abandoning his mortal identity upon finding his damned purpose is anathema. For was it not in the divine wisdom of God, transmitted by the angel messenger Vahishtael that was brought to us? 
RoG 9:17 What care we for the low birth of the vessel that received the undying ambrosia of Damnation?
RoG 9:18 Yet do not liken the Dark Father unto a devil, or the serpent, or a demon who can possess a mortal body. Longinus was a mortal man exalted and Sanctified by his Damnation, and we should rejoice in this simple truth.
RoG 9:19 Nor shall you liken the Dark Father to a black mirror of the Christ, imparting wrongly to him divinity as the son of a dark god. 
RoG 9:20 Longinus was mortal man, though exceptional in his sinfulness, and was Damned through the power of God. Any and all powers and wisdom given to him were by act and will of the almighty God.
RoG 9:21 Let therefore also no Kindred venerate the mortal mother of our Dark Father as a person close to God or close to pure Damnation. Though we acknowledge that Longinus was born of mortal loins, his birth is of no consequence, just as our births are of no consequence. Though Livia was whore enough to spawn the Dark Father of our sins, there are and were many more of her kind in Rome.
RoG 9:22 Let not doubt grow in your soul regarding the role of the holy Spear in our Damnation. The Spear was not made holy by the piercing of the Nazarene but was a holy object become manifest in Longinus’ hands in that moment.
RoG 9:23 Thou shalt not deny the divinity of the Nazarene, by whose blood the Dark Prophet was given clarity of vision and a glimpse of God’s holy plan.
RoG 9:24 Though the mystery of divinity is beyond us, we are more than capable of understanding and accepting the teachings of Longinus on this matter. 
RoG 9:25 Denial of the damned nature of Longinus is anathema. Though he was first fed on the blood of the Christ, it is against all rightness to believe that he was sustained on that blood in perpetuity. 
RoG 9:26 Just as we are predators on the flock of man, so was Longinus the first to engage in holy predation on ordinary mortals, in accordance with God’s holy purpose.
RoG 9:27 Do not taste of the Vitae of your brother without his consent, for to do so is to invite reproach and punishment. 
RoG 9:28 The gift of Vitae is given only by God to the care of each of us. Let not that gift be demeaned by your greed.
RoG 9:29 Do not partake of the joys of mortal flesh, neither man nor woman nor [REDACTED], unless it be a path to your predation.
RoG 9:30 Resist the temptation to wallow in your baser instincts, for such is the way of the ravening beast.
RoG 9:31 Do not let yourself be fooled by deviants, gluttons and sensualists to believe that God’s purpose is for us to feed on the flesh of man. 
RoG 9:32 The Dark Father was given Damnation through the blood of the divine Christ and so our Damnation is fed with blood.
RoG 9:33 Woe unto you if you should speak prophecy untrue or where no divine wisdom has been heard! True prophets are always to be revered, but a false prophet must be hunted down and punished.
RoG 9:34 Likewise none shall reject the teachings of the Dark Father and aspire or lay claim to wisdom above his teachings and the teachings of Vahishtael. Wisdom is imparted to God through the Dark Father and he has shared it with us. Do not be so prideful that you do not acknowledge his supreme Damnation!
RoG 9:35 Let not seeds of wisdom be sown where no garden can flourish. 
RoG 9:36 The wisdom of the Dark Father is destined for the ears of Kindred, and that is the charge by which we must testify. 
RoG 9:37 It is not the duty of the Sanctified to nourish the souls of mortals, but only to be nourished by their Vitae.
RoG 9:38 Do not let yourself be lulled into complacency by faith in the Purpose and the teachings of the Dark Prophet. For serving the Purpose cannot be accomplished by mere mouthing of doctrines and groveling to one’s betters. 
RoG 9:39 No, God’s Purpose is a burden and a charge, and he who claims to exemplify Damnation without effort or proper works is not in communion with the faithful.
RoG 10:1 We have come to draw ourselves apart from the workings of the Camarilla and have thus founded these monasteries and communities, within which we put forth every effort to keep our brethren safe and whole in body and soul. 
RoG 10:2 We know, however, of the insidious nature of politics, which even within the walls of these sanctuaries pits brother against brother and postulant against abbot. In these dark times when the years yet allotted to us must surely be short, it behooves us each to understand the nature of these things in order that we may be prepared for the painful melding of church and court, if we are so unlucky as to live to see that pass.
RoG 10:3 We are not so innocent as mortal man, who professes that none shall be crowned except he who has striven lawfully. 
RoG 10:4 Man is hypocritical in his quest for a noble ruler; he will scheme and murder and bribe to gain what little earthly power he can, and then expects his comrades to hail him as a just and forthright man. 
RoG 10:5 The political mind is squirming and complex, twisting reason beyond recognition and pandering in all corners for the slightest advantage, both corporeal and spiritual. 
RoG 10:6 We need look only to the great cities of Rome to see and know that the governance of creatures of rational mind is a complex and bewildering undertaking.
RoG 10:7 The pagan cities of Greece and of Persia and of the Far East have in their folly concocted mad stories of divine founding to justify the reign of one man over another. 
RoG 10:8 We know that there is only one divine city, the city of God which lies beyond death and is the eternal paradise. 
RoG 10:9 As sojourners in death we know that we shall not be given the death of the mortal, who may even with his last breath recognize the truth of God's presence on earth and embrace true faith. 
RoG 10:10 The city of God is not for us, and all mortal cities and courts are nothing more than dirt and despair. 
RoG 10:11 Thus, how much greater folly is it for us to say this unholy creature is more fit to rule than that unholy creature by virtue of his blood, or his sire, or his allegiances?
RoG 10:12 Let us instead be peculiar in our dealings with the rulers of the courts of the night and say instead that he who is best suited to rule and most willing and able to undertake its burdens should do so. 
RoG 10:13 We know that it is unlikely for us to hold sway in any court save that which recognizes our brotherhood as a spiritual good and a proper participant in the dominate.
RoG 10:14 Yet we are inextricably tied to our flocks, and the more the teachings of the Dark Father are learned and accepted, the larger our communities will grow. We shall inevitably be drawn to larger and larger communities until the hunting grounds of a large town or city will be required for our daily blood.
RoG 10:15 Though each one of us would be blessed to give up his dark unlife to save his brethren or confess the faith of the Sanctified, for an abbot to let his community be slaughtered because he would not acquiesce to the rulers of the courts in banal, earthly matters would be a great sin for him and a great tragedy for the faith.
RoG 10:16 In the writings on the Nazarene’s life there is a passage where the Christ is said to say “Render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar’s, and render unto God the things that are God’s.” (It may be that he said such a thing; we shall never know. Regardless, it is a wise thing.)
RoG 10:17 It is of benefit to us, therefore, to cooperate with the rulers who do not ask us to abandon our faith, who do not punish our brethren for their piety and who will not commit usury or extortion for such leniency. 
RoG 10:18 Someone shall always rule or claim to rule. 
RoG 10:19 The furthering of our purpose requires that we be canny and cunning in our interplay with such rulers.
RoG 10:20 It is wise for us to pray for such beneficent politicians and to ask God’s guidance for them when as they rule. Yet it is also right for us to continue to pray for their acceptance of the divine purpose and their place in it, as surely the followers of the Christ prayed for the mortal ruler Constantine.
RoG 10:21 Let us hope that we shall be so blessed that the most powerful and effective of rulers of the courts of the night will, as Constantine has, find within themselves the wisdom to accept the truth that comes from God.
RoG 11:1 We know that not every one of the Damned is of equal gift or similar vocation.
RoG 11:2 Just as mortal man may be a soldier, or a cowherd, or a scribe, so may a Kindred be a prince, or a philosopher, or a councilor. 
RoG 11:3 Though the Dark Father was a soldier and a wanderer, it does not then follow that each Kindred who follows in his path must be the same. 
RoG 11:4 Let then each Kindred who feels in himself a calling to greater understanding and a deeper knowledge of God's plan submit himself to a life of study and prayer. He shall be guided by two things: the teachings of the Dark Father and the prayerful spirit of his own heart. 
RoG 11:5 Let not a prideful spirit overtake good sense and guide such a scholar to believe that what he may discern in his study is a great truth or a secret of God's heart. Let him instead be careful and honest in his scholarship and share such things as he may find with other individuals like himself. Thus will our understanding be deepened and our knowledge increased.
RoG 11:6 Each scholar should commit himself to learn the skills of reading and of writing, of rhetoric and theology. For if by prayer great things are learned, how sinful it would be for a scholar to be unable to properly share such wisdom as he has learned?
RoG 11:7 Should the spirit move him, a Kindred of scholarly vocation may study histories, medicine, languages, the heathen philosophies and religions, philology, architecture, astronomy, poetry or any such thing as may be of use to him in his research and pious scholarship. 
RoG 11:8 Do not fear to study things that are known to be evil, or sinful, or wrong, for if we do not know the dark paths, how are we to keep to the light? 
RoG 11:9 Remember only to confess temptations to your abbot or superior and allow him to guide you in your studies so that the taint of such wrong thinking does not leach into your blood over many long nights of study.
RoG 11:10 Perhaps the most blessed and most admirable scholarly pursuit, however, is one that takes as its center not the study of any one thing, but rather commits itself to the refutation and repudiation of heresies and slanders. 
RoG 11:11 We know that such Kindred that walk in these nights have intellects vast and
creative. Their Damnation may have been given them before the coming of the Dark Father and his teachings, or perhaps they are yet newly Damned by sinful and impious sires, and so they use such gifts to harass and mock the fellowship of the Sanctified.
RoG 11:12 Such scholars of the Sanctified as have talent for it must therefore bend their minds to the unraveling of arguments and the refutation of all points in these irreverent tracts and speeches.
RoG 11:13 Lay bare your intellect before the Lord and let him lead you in the paths of inspiration and knowledge. 
RoG 11:14 Be ready at all times to pursue holy Sophia when she passes by and be not afraid to seek her out. 
RoG 11:15 We are predators, but not dumb beasts; let us be ever a credit to our creator and our covenant.
RoG 11:16 Amen.
